[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So I'm going to
go ahead and do a new widget service.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And we'll go export
class.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
I'm going to go widgets.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Sure.
That's probably good enough.
We'll duplicate this a few times.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm trying
to think of how I can possibly one-up
Scott with the crawling button of doom.
Okay so I defined my class.
>> Scott: Got to take chances.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Got to take chances.
Your button actually reminded
me if anybody has seen Mr.
Peabody or Sherman and Mr. Peabody or that
creepy doll like that Leonardo da Vinci,
like you know Like Papa,
Papa, or whatever.
So if you haven't seen that movie
that's what that button was
the programmatic equivalent of.
So from here import injectable from,
I think this is in
core.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're
doing this from memory.
Let's see.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Is this it?
I think it is.
Now let's go ahead and
we'll go to our widgets
component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I
think in this case I do actually have to,
well let's see.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Up here?
>> Audience: In providers there.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay.
So actually, you know what?
I am going to do it here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Widget
service.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
there's actually a question which I hadn't
thought about until we brought it up and
then I remembered is talking about
hierarchical injectors is that how
come in for instance the home component
we don't have to put providers and
define that on our component meta data.
And the reason being is because at
the top level here it has been defined,
so its available from
the app component all the way
down.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So just go in here.
We're going to go like so.
And then back to our widgets component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And go to constructor.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Holy moly!
Did you guys see that?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Did that just
happen?
>> Audience: It's code
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Whoa,
I've been living below my privileges.
Like we would have cut 20 minutes
of this workshop had I known that.
>> Audience: That's WebStorm right?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes.
So
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I guess this just
turned into a WebStorm commercial.
That was,
man I just don't wanna do that again.
That was, I'm gonna do that one more
time because I can't believe that just
happened.
>> Audience: You have public or
private on there?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So I'm just going with
default to public for now.
>> Audience: Default.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah, so if you don't
put anything it just defaults to public.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's so
rad.
>> Audience: You know you can do fuzzy
typing too.
You could type like W I D S E R,
yeah like that.
Yeah.
That's it
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So if anything,
I think that's a pretty good case for
typescript, and writing code that conveys
intent, because now you get things
like automatic imports, which honestly
I had forgot about that because I haven't
done Flex in like six or seven years.
But that used to be pretty common of like,
I need this thing tab and it would just
bring that import in for you.
>> Speaker 4: Can we get Adam to do that
as well?
>> Speaker 5: Yeah,
I would imagine it probably would.
>> Speaker 6: Adam's pretty good.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah, so we should.
>> Speaker 4: Just doesn't have
those powers with the templates.
>> Speaker 5: Yeah.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Why
doesn't it like this?
That's why.
So I'm just going to set
this array type any.
Just initialize this to
an empty array, and
then from here let's go like so.
And,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll follow up with
Scott's stellar template binding example.
And we'll go with I don't know.
Div ngFor
widget of
widgets
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Hopefully this works.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yea.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, let's do something
else real quick.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We can,
but I don't know man.
I don't wanna spoil the pipe's module.
>> Audience: Okay.
>> Audience: What would you call this
module?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So it's currency and
then you can set some options on that.
To my dear good friends slipping out
the back, I will see you tomorrow.
>> Audience: I set my schedule around
an end time of 4:30.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Wow, I apologize, but
I'll see you tomorrow?
>> Audience: Yes sir.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I don't know how we
got Chris Stapleton to
come to my workshop but
I'm just actually star-struck right now.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So widget one at $100.
Now let's just.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: See here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Hm.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is where I get
into a bit of shaky ground as I start to,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Scott,
if I start to embarrass myself,
so help me, I'm blaming you for-
>> Scott: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: [LAUGH].
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think I'm doing
this wrong.
>> Audience: Yeah.
I would never do math on live coding.
What.
[LAUGH] That's one thing
you don't want to do, math.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: No,
I am doing this wrong.
I'm going to do something else.
[LAUGH] Half price.
>> Audience: [LAUGH]
That’s it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: [LAUGH]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Price x 0.5.
All right.
Am I doing okay?
You think this makes sense?
Anybody in chat?
I know we got some.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There's some fairly
sharp individuals in there.
>> Audience: It's okay, man.
It's math.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's just math.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I wonder.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes!
That is so rad.
I just,
how do you say five hours in a week?
Auto imports.
Okay, so here, I'm just gonna add this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Really pushing my
luck here.
[LAUGH]
That's awesome.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I could probably do
math here, right?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think I've just
messed this up, hang on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's not do static.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Does this look right
Scott?
>> Scott: Yeah, it's gonna return numbers,
an array of numbers.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so,
it's just gonna loop through and just.
>> Scott: Return in the radio.
Half price numbers.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is not gonna
work, hang on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I need to
do.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I need to do a, but
we obviously do this different if I
was thinking about immutability but.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I said this once,
I'll say it again.
I mean, that's pretty rad so
I have now injected
my pricing service into
my widget service and
I am applying my half off pricing scheme,
for everyone.
So anybody who wanted to buy a widget,
you're welcome.